restructured (sub-topics) and numbered (#19)
force-h2020/force-docs: docs/source/extending/notification.rst

Notification
============

Notification listeners are used to notify the state of the MCO to external
listeners, including the data that is obtained by the MCO as it performs the
evaluation. Communication to databases (for writing) and CSV/HDF5 writers are
notification listeners.

> The notification listener requires a model (inherit from
> ``BaseNotificationListenerModel``), a factory (from
> ``BaseNotificationListenerFactory``) and a notification listener
> (from ``BaseNotificationListener``). The factory requires, in addition to::
> 
>     def get_identifier(self):
>     def get_name(self):
>     def get_description(self):
>     def get_model_class(self):
> 
> the method::
> 
>     get_listener_class()
>      return the notification listener object class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each notification listener is defined by an implementation of ``BaseNotificationListenerFactory``
, which contributes both ``BaseNotificationListenerModel`` and  ``BaseNotificationListener``
subclasses. It therefore requires implementation of the following additional abstract methods alongside
the standard ``get_identifier``, ``get_name``, and ``get_description`` methods::

    def get_model_class(self):
        Returns a BaseNotificationListenerModel subclass

    def get_listener_class(self):
        Returns a BaseNotificationListener subclass

```

The NotificationListener class must reimplement the following methods, that

> are invoked in specific lifetime events of the BDSS::

Reviewer: Nickpick: ``BaseNotificationListener`` subclass
